AA-351: Mention EIP-161 nonce bump trying to avoid any ambiguity (#11)
eth-infinitism/RIPs: RIPS/rip-7712.md

The old `nonce` account parameter remains in use for transactions initiated by EOAs and for the `CREATE` opcode.
It is not incremented when `sender` makes the `AA_TX_TYPE` transaction.

### Deployment transaction

> As [EIP-161](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-161) defines the rule by which the old `nonce` parameter of a contract

Reviewer: I don't understand this paragraph.

When deploying an account, the current nonce (in the transaction) has to be zero, regardless of the key (either zero or other key)
after the transaction, the nonce is 1 (for that key).

yes, technically this nonce increment is done by the actual deploy operation, and no "account-creation-specific" logic is done in geth.

Author: Please read EIP-161. This is a crucial piece of information.

Reviewer: - prior creation, account nonce is always zero (by definition). 
- after deployment , acocunt `nonce` is 1 (since it was created with CREATE/CREATE2)
- if nonceKey is non-zero, we should either change ALSO the nonceKey-based nonce to 1 (2 storage changes), or leave it at zero (which is a bit counter-intuitive: why nonceKey was specified and not incremented.
- maybe the best way is say that during account creation, nonceKey MUST be zero: nonceKey is for "parallelization" anyway, and there can't be any parallelization during account creation.

Author: @drortirosh I tried to rephrase the paragraph to make it even more clear. If you think it is still not clear, please propose your own PR. Thanks!

The old `nonce` account parameter remains in use for transactions initiated by EOAs and for the `CREATE` opcode.
It is not incremented when `sender` makes the `AA_TX_TYPE` transaction.

### Deployment transaction

As [EIP-161](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-161) defines the rule by which the old `nonce` parameter of a contract
being created will be incremented by the execution of a `CREATE` OR `CREATE2` opcode.
This rule remains active and the old `nonce` parameter of the newly deployed account is to be
incremented during the deployment `AA_TX_TYPE` transaction.

> During deployment,  `nonceKey` must be 0, and the old `nonce` parameter is only incremented **once** during the entire transaction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During deployment, `nonceKey` must be 0, and the old `nonce` parameter is only incremented **once** during the entire transaction.
```

The old `nonce` account parameter remains in use for transactions initiated by EOAs and for the `CREATE` opcode.
It is not incremented when `sender` makes the `AA_TX_TYPE` transaction.

### Deployment transaction

As [EIP-161](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-161) defines the rule by which the old `nonce` parameter of a contract
being created will be incremented by the execution of a `CREATE` OR `CREATE2` opcode.

> This rule remains active and the old `nonce` parameter of the newly deployed account is be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This rule remains active and the old `nonce` parameter of the newly deployed account is to be
```

incremented during the deployment `AA_TX_TYPE` transaction.

> In case `key` equals 0, the old `nonce` parameter is only incremented **once** during the entire transaction,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During deployment,  `nonceKey` must be 0, and the old `nonce` parameter is only incremented **once** during the entire transaction.
```

such that after the successful deployment `AA_TX_TYPE` transaction the `sender` will have an old `nonce` value of 1.

> In case `key` does not equal 0, **both** old `nonce` parameter and the `NonceManager` controlled `nonceSeq` parameters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> will be incremented after the successful deployment `AA_TX_TYPE` transaction, meaning that they will have a value of 1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
